Scrum Master for next week: Erin Weaver

List at least 5 things the team did well and will continue doing:
1.	Team was able to complete exploratory tasks by the deadline anticipated.
2.	When other team members reached out for help on tasks/feedback others were eager to offer guidance/feedback.
3.	Generative/thoughtful ideas about tasks as we piece the project together and move forward.
4.	When there is team feedback, we can work well to get tasks completed efficiently.
5.  When a team member did admit what they felt was a shortcoming, other team members were supportive in uplifting
    in that circumstance.

List at least 3 things the team did poorly and how you will mitigate them next sprint.

1.	Communication is the largest obstacle for the team. 

Solution: I’m still trying to figure out the reasons for communication discord; do others do not feel respected, heard, do they not trust the team to speak out.  For solutions to be reached, there must be communication. I don’t want to insert myself into another’s feelings, but it is something that will need be addressed at the beginning of our next meeting before we move forward with any task agenda. 

2.	Daily stand-up issues.  This week we began moving into more issues with the daily stand-up forms started in 
Week 1 because of the conflicting team schedules. 

Solution: Move from the combative tone some members of the team have taken as they are moving through their own 
frustrations and to a more solution-oriented approach.  This will likely need to take place in our Zoom meeting, 
away from the messaging where people need to be accountable face-to-face and are not aggressive/ passive with their
tone.

3.	Pace of the project. The pace of the project itself has felt off, both with the communication issues and the 
timeline the team took from the project. Now that we know we can move forward with the pace, if we don’t fall behind, 
I think that alleviates some of the pressure. One member expressed to me a frustration the process, 
like Week 2 was too rushed.  

Solution: It’s difficult to find solutions without effective communication. An open,respectful enviornment needs to be re-establsihed to the team for change to occur.   

List shout-outs to any team members for excelling in any way: 

    Bethel and Valerie have been consistent at providing feedback/ideas through the daily-stand up forms this week as we move the project forward.

What did you learn as a team this week?

	How crucial communication is to the team/overall project.

What did you learn as an individual this week?

	Given mentor feedback/suggestions, I learned and explored ideas for an ideal GitHub repo.  
    This week reinforced team/personality dynamics and how important the team relationship is to the overall project product.


    